added titles to the docs pages (#109)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/sdk/spaces/CreateSpaces.md

title: Create And Update Spaces
displayed_sidebar: developSidebar
---

<head>

>   <title>Create & Update Subsocial Spaces | JS SDK Guide</title>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <title>How To Create & Update Subsocial Spaces With The JS SDK</title>
```
